Move "How forms work" section to the top of Chapter 8 (#167)
browserengineering/book: book/forms.md

When the user goes to this page, they can click on those boxes to edit
their values. Then, when they click the button at the end of the form,
the browser collects all of the name/value pairs and bundles them into
a format that looks like this:

``` {.example}
name=1&comment=2
```

This data is then sent to the server in an HTTP `POST` request,
specifically to the URL given by the `form` element's `action`
attribute and the usual rules of relative URLs. That `POST` request
looks a lot like a regular request, except that it has a body---you've
already seen HTTP responses with bodies, but requests can have them
too. So the overall `POST` request looks like this:

``` {.example}
POST /submit HTTP/1.0
Host: example.org
Content-Length: 16

name=1&comment=2
```

Note the `Content-Length` header; it's mandatory for `POST` requests.
The server then responds to this request with a web page, just like
normal, and the browser then does everything it normally does.

Forms require extensions across the whole browser to function
properly, from implementing HTTP `POST` through new layout objects
that draw `<input>` elements to handling buttons clicks. Let's get

> started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
started implementing all of that!
```

Rendering widgets
=================

> Let's start with drawing input areas on the screen for the user to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's draw input areas on the screen for the user to
```
